en.md, before:

# Google Apps Alternatives ![EN](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AntoineJT/gapps-alternatives/master/medias/greatbritainflag.png)

French? Go to the [FR Edition](https://antoinejt.github.io/gapps-alternatives/fr)

Welcome!

When using Android, you get some defaults apps, Google ones and/or manufacturer ones. In terms of privacy, that's bad.
That's why this list has been created : to help you to save some privacy by replacing default apps.

- [F-Droid](#f-droid)
- [Alternatives to Google apps](#alternatives-to-google-apps)
  - [PlayStore](#play-store)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## F-Droid

[F-Droid](https://f-droid.org) is an open source app store in which you can exclusively download open source apps.
I recommend you to use it to download the following apps!

## Alternatives to Google apps

### Play Store

* Aurora Store ([Official Website](http://auroraoss.com/) - [Download on F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/app/com.aurora.store)) : This is an open source implementation of the Play Store : you'll found the same apps. *Warning! Use only app generated accounts, and not your personal account, as long as it can be banned! This meant that you only can install free Play Store apps, not paid ones!*

## Contribute

This website is open-source ! An issue to report ? New links to add ? Check the [Github repository](https://github.com/AntoineJT/gapps-alternatives) !

## Credits

This is totally based on [learndev](https://github.com/learndev-info/awesome-learning-dev-fr) repository to which you can take a look if you are or plan to be a developer.

## License

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" xmlns:vcard="http://www.w3.org/2001/vcard-rdf/3.0#">
  <a rel="license"
     href="http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/">
    <img src="https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png" style="border-style: none;" alt="CC0" />
  </a>
  <br />
  To the extent possible under law,
  <a rel="dct:publisher"
     href="https://github.com/AntoineJT/gapps-alternatives">
    <span property="dct:title">Antoine Tournepiche</span></a>
  has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to
  <span property="dct:title">gapps-alternatives</span>.
This work is published from:
<span property="vcard:Country" datatype="dct:ISO3166"
      content="FR" about="https://github.com/AntoineJT/gapps-alternatives">
  France</span>.
</p>

Open Source image CC-BY 4.0 [Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org/)<br>
Other images CC-BY 4.0 Mozilla Foundation ([FxEmojis](https://github.com/mozilla/fxemoji))

Commit message:

Add an alternative to Google Messages

en.md, after:

# Google Apps Alternatives ![EN](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AntoineJT/gapps-alternatives/master/medias/greatbritainflag.png)

French? Go to the [FR Edition](https://antoinejt.github.io/gapps-alternatives/fr)

Welcome!

When using Android, you get some defaults apps, Google ones and/or manufacturer ones. In terms of privacy, that's bad.
That's why this list has been created : to help you to save some privacy by replacing default apps.

- [F-Droid](#f-droid)
- [Alternatives to Google apps](#alternatives-to-google-apps)
  - [PlayStore](#play-store)
  - [Messages](#messages)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## F-Droid

[F-Droid](https://f-droid.org) is an open source app store in which you can exclusively download open source apps.
I recommend you to use it to download the following apps!

## Alternatives to Google apps

### Play Store

* Aurora Store ([Official Website](http://auroraoss.com/) - [Download on F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/app/com.aurora.store)) : This is an open source implementation of the Play Store : you'll found the same apps. *Warning! Use only app generated accounts, and not your personal account, as long as it can be banned! This meant that you only can install free Play Store apps, not paid ones!*

### Messages

* Silence ([Site officiel](https://silence.im/) - [Télécharger sur F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/packages/org.smssecure.smssecure/)) : Messages are locally encrypted and from end-to-end if your peer uses also Silence.

## Contribute

This website is open-source ! An issue to report ? New links to add ? Check the [Github repository](https://github.com/AntoineJT/gapps-alternatives) !

## Credits

This is totally based on [learndev](https://github.com/learndev-info/awesome-learning-dev-fr) repository to which you can take a look if you are or plan to be a developer.

## License

<p xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" xmlns:vcard="http://www.w3.org/2001/vcard-rdf/3.0#">
  <a rel="license"
     href="http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/">
    <img src="https://licensebuttons.net/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png" style="border-style: none;" alt="CC0" />
  </a>
  <br />
  To the extent possible under law,
  <a rel="dct:publisher"
     href="https://github.com/AntoineJT/gapps-alternatives">
    <span property="dct:title">Antoine Tournepiche</span></a>
  has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to
  <span property="dct:title">gapps-alternatives</span>.
This work is published from:
<span property="vcard:Country" datatype="dct:ISO3166"
      content="FR" about="https://github.com/AntoineJT/gapps-alternatives">
  France</span>.
</p>

Open Source image CC-BY 4.0 [Open Source Initiative](https://opensource.org/)<br>
Other images CC-BY 4.0 Mozilla Foundation ([FxEmojis](https://github.com/mozilla/fxemoji))
